IconVariants: Correct spelling & address svg and empty icon_variants (#775)
hober/web-extensions: proposals/dark_mode_extension_icons.md

**Misc**
1. If the top-level `icon_variants` key is provided, the top level `icons` key
will be ignored.

> 1. `icon_variants` will not cause an error if it's invalid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `icon_variants` will not cause hard errors if no icon groups are found or specific icon groups have unknown properties. It may cause a hard error if icon groups are not of type object.
```

Author: Added suggested change.

Instead, only the faulty icon group(s) will be ignored, with an optional
warning. Warnings are preferred over errors because they're more adaptable to

> changes in the future. If none of the icon groups are valid, should this error?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
changes in the future. If none of the icon groups are valid, agents are expected to fallback to the `icons` property in `manifest.json`. If `icons` is missing, agents are expected to use a default error and not give a hard error.
```

This behaviour matches the current Safari implementation and reliefs extension authors from having to declare additional fallbacks in `icon_variants` for browsers which do not support SVG for example. We may want to revisit this in MV4+ when the `icons` property might be deprecated/discontinued.

Reviewer 2: Safari _does not_ fallback to `icons`. We have separate fallback to the containing app's icon if we can't get the icon from `icon_variants` / `icons`. I would be fine adding fallback to `icons` but it would require a change in our current shipping behavior.

Reviewer: @xeenon thanks for clarifying. You are right. In my tests, invalid `manifest.action.icon_variants` would fallback to `manifest.icons` if invalid. Which led me to the false conclusion this also happens for `manifest.icon_variants`. In that case this is up for discussion once again. For browsers not supporting SVG icons falling back to manifest.icons would be great for webcompat. However doing so would make the case for `icon_variants` as a replacement for `icons` weaker.

Author: Incorporated change but made it more relaxed such that falling back to icons could be done, but isn't suggested. It's a middle of the road approach vs either requiring it or forbidding it.

1. The `"16"` is a size in `{"16": "icon.png"}` and any number can be used as a
size, per the browser’s icon requirements. The word `"any"` can also be used in
place of a number to represent an icon that can be shown at any size (usually

> vector images). Does that mean that "any" will only have an svg and not a png?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
vector images).
```

As currently with the `manifest.icons` key, you can already specify icons in a size not matching the size specified, I do not see a reason to not support the `any` keyword for raster images.

Author: Thus, the previous question has been removed.
